Gurjinder Basran

Everything Was Good-bye centers around Meena, a young Indo Canadian woman growing up in the lower mainland of British Columbia and traces her life as she struggles to assert her independence in a Punjabi community. Raised by her tradition bound widowed mother, Meena knows the freedoms of her Canadian peers can never be hers, but unlike her sisters, she is reluctant to submit to a life that is defined by a suitable marriage. Though a narrative moving between race and culture, it is ultimately a story of love, loss and self acceptance amidst shifting cultural ideals.

Everything Was Good-bye was the winner of the 2011 Ethel Wilson Fiction Award for most outstanding fiction by a BC Author.

Gurjinder Basran’s debut novel, Everything Was Good-bye, was the winner of the Search for the Great BC Novel Contest in 2010 and won the 2011 BC Book Prize - The Ethel Wilson Fiction Award for most outstanding fiction. As a manuscript, Everything Was Good-bye was for Amazon.com's 2008 Breakthrough Novel Award and earned her a place in The Vancouver Sun's annual speculative arts and culture article "One's to Watch." Gurjinder lives in Delta, BC with her husband and two sons. 



Trevor Herriot

Trevor Herriot is a prairie naturalist and writer. During his time as the Haig-Brown Writer-in-Residence in Campbell River he has been working on a non-fiction book, a personal inquiry into questions of male spirituality, sexuality, and maturity, as they affect our bonds to community and place.

His most recent book was Grass, Sky, Song: Promise and Peril in the World of Grassland Birds (HarperCollins, February, 2009). It won two Saskatchewan Book Awards, and was short-listed for the Writer’s Trust Non-fiction Prize, the Governor General’s Award for Non-fiction, and the William Saroyan International Prize for Writing (non-fiction). His first two books, River in a Dry Land: a Prairie Passage (McClelland & Stewart, 2000), and Jacob’s Wound: a Search for the Spirit of Wildness (M&S, 2004), received several awards and nominations. His writing has appeared in the Globe & Mail, Canadian Geographic, and several anthologies. He has written two radio documentaries for CBC Ideas and is a monthly guest on CBC Radio Saskatchewan’s Blue Sky. Trevor’s blog, “Grass Notes” (trevorherriot.blogspot.com) discusses some of the stories and issues he addresses in his books. He lives in Regina with his wife Karen and their four children.






Susan Juby

	
Susan was raised in Smithers, BC, Canada and lived there until she moved to Toronto at age 20. She had a brief and unsuccessful career as a fashion design student and, after she worked at a series of low paying jobs, such as server, record store employee, etc., She began a degree in English Literature at University of Toronto, which she finished at the University of British Columbia. After graduating she became an editor at a self-help/how-to book publishing company based in Vancouver. Later, she did a master’s degree in publishing.

www.susanjuby.com





Robert J. Wiersema
	
The author of Before I Wake (2006), The World More Full of Weeping (2009) and Bedtime Story (2010), Robert J. Wiersema is also a respected books journalist, and the event coordinator at Bolen Books in Victoria, BC.






Daphne Marlatt

Daphne Marlatt has published more than twenty books across a wide range of genres, including poetry, fiction, criticism, and theory. She has also been the founder of ground-breaking journals, including Tessera and periodics, and an editor on several other journals.

She has published three innovative novels: Zocalo, Ana Historic, which received critical acclaim, and Taken. Her early poem sequence, Steveston, led to the writing of The Gull (2009) an award-winning Noh play based on the traditional Japanese drama form. Marlatt's The Given (2008), a long narrative poem, won the Dorothy Livesay Poetry Prize. She was awarded the Order of Canada in 2006 for her contributions to Canadian literature.

Photo Credit: Roy Miki




Garry Thomas Morse

Garry Thomas Morse has had two books of poetry, Transversals for Orpheus (2006) and Streams (2007), one collection of fiction, Death in Vancouver (2009), and two books of poetry, After Jack (2010) and Discovery Passages (2011), finalist for the Governor General’s Award for Poetry.

Grounded in the work of Arthur Rimbaud, Robert Desnos, Ezra Pound, Jack Spicer, Rainer Maria Rilke and his Native oral traditions, his work has been featured in a variety of publications, including Branch Magazine, Canadian Literature, The Capilano Review, CV2, dANDelion, filling Station, memewar, Poetry is Dead, subTerrain, The Vancouver Review and West Coast Line. Morse is the recipient of the 2008 City of Vancouver Mayor’s Arts Award for Emerging Artist and has twice been selected as runner-up for the Robert Kroetsch Award for Innovative Poetry.

Minor Episodes, his second book of fiction, concerning surrealist and speculative genres, is forthcoming from Talonbooks in 2012.





Terry Fallis
	
Terry Fallis is the author of The Best Laid Plans, and The High Road, satirical novels of Canadian politics. His debut novel (TBLP) was originally self-published in 2007 and won the 2008 Stephen Leacock Medal for Humour. Then McClelland & Stewart published TBLP in September 2008. He also won the Gold Medal in the Independent Publisher Book Awardsin the Regional Fiction – Canada East category. In 2010, the Waterloo Region chose The Best Laid Plans as the One Book, One Community selection. In February, 2011, The Best Laid Plans was crowned the winner of CBC Canada Reads as the “essential Canadian novel of the decade.” In November 2011, CBC-Television announced that The Best Laid Plans is indevelopment as a six-part TV miniseries.

McClelland & Stewart published the sequel to The Best Laid Plans, called The High Road, in September 2010. It was a finalist for the 2011 Stephen Leacock Medal for Humour, in April, 2011. McClelland & Stewart will publish Terry’s third novel, Up and Down, in September 2012.


Molly Peacock
	
Molly Peacock is a poet, biographer, essayist, and short fiction writer whose multi-genre literary life has taken her from New York City to Toronto, from poetry to prose, from words to words-and-pictures, and from lyric self-examination to curiosity about the lives of others. Her newest book is The Analyst: poems.  The Analyst tells the story of a decades-long patient-therapist relationship that reverses after the analyst’s stroke and continues to evolve.  She is also the author of the best-selling biography The Paper Garden: Mrs. Delany Begins Her Life’s Work at 72 (McClelland & Stewart in Canada, Scribe in Australia and New Zealand; Bloomsbury in the US and UK ). Beginning her literary life as a poet, she has published six books of poetry, including The Second Blush (W.W. Norton and Company; McClelland & Stewart) and Cornucopia: New and Selected Poems (W.W. Norton and Company; McClelland & Stewart).

A dynamic speaker, she has spread the word about late-life creativity, poetry, and the artist’s life from The Art Gallery of Ontario to the Barnes Museum in Philadelphia, from NPR to the CBC. She is a subject of a documentary film by Renee McCormick, A Life Outside Convention.

Photo and description taken from: mollypeacock.org

